oh my god I love this what song this
song give me your enemy I love that
I heard there was a party at Greenwald
tonight you imagine if any of this got
out are you guys seeing this right now
have a Salem just got hacked
you think this is a game who was it
Willie Colson why would he say that
that's not true
they're lying I can't believe it we
should do something how many people are
gonna believe this how many people are
gonna think that I did this we're
bringing all you justice
who knows
maybe I'll get pissed off and fight back
I live for this type of scandal tea
honors
[Music]
[Applause]
may kill me but she can't kill us I
guess your generation is a little
desensitized
[Music]